Changes in prep for layouts release (#816)
jpmorganchase/uitk: .changeset/beige-ravens-clap.md

---
"@jpmorganchase/uitk-core": minor
---

> Fix `FlowLayout` types and remove separators prop from `SplitLayout`

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix `FlowLayout` types
- Remove separators prop from `SplitLayout`
- Rename BorderItem positions to follow border layout conventions
```
